c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\ordersmanager.dll.config
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\ordersmanager.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\ordersmanager.pdb
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\obj\Debug\ordersmanager.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\obj\Debug\ordersmanager.pdb
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\hardik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\client_secret..json
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Sheets.v4.dll
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Sheets.v4.pdb
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Google.Apis.Sheets.v4.xml
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\hardik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ordersmanager\ordersmanager\obj\Debug\ordersmanager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
